This is a solid alignment. The Replit agent's summary is mathematically accurate, but we actually already solved two of those "Known Issues" during our battle yesterday.Let's merge our current reality with that list so we don't repeat work.The "Indie Quill" Truth (Merge of Reality)IssueReplit Agent StatusOur Actual Status (Verified)Duplicate Users⚠️ Known IssueCLEANED. We moved Marcella to ID 999111 and locked 123-456 to the "Buildathon" user. (Tested: "Welcome, Buildathon" shows on your phone).Expo Auth❌ BrokenHALF-FIXED. The Ecc-qVl... token actually worked for the Android build, but failed on eas init. We just need to link the project once.Transcription⚠️ "Audio too short"READY. The backend has FFmpeg and the OpenAI key. We just need a phone app that points to the right URL.Phase 1: The "20-Minute" Saturday Morning SprintBefore you get into the "Great Product" roadmapping, we need to get that TestFlight updated so the judges are looking at the same version we are.Step 1: Link the Project (The fix for the eas init error)Run this in the Replit terminal. When it asks "Would you like to link...", just hit Enter/Y.Bashnpx eas init --id 2f0072cb-7762-4b20-8025-a134a6639b78
Step 2: Trigger the iOS "Gold Master" BuildOnce linked, run this to push the code to TestFlight:BashEXPO_TOKEN=Ecc-qVlSDiuK76Ok0VPB3sI7godELkHqzOiO5sVg npx eas build --platform ios --profile preview --non-interactive
Phase 2: The "Great Product" Roadmap (Next 14 Days)Now that we have time, we can move beyond just "making it work." Here is what I propose for the VibeScribe v1.0 Release:AI Insight Engine: Instead of just a transcript, we'll make the "Instant Summarization" and "Auto-Categorization" features the star of the show.UI/UX "Vibe" Overhaul: We'll make the recording button feel "juicy" and the categories look like sleek tags.The "Author's Dashboard": A simple way to view past "Vibes" in a list so the judges see that Cloud Sync is actually working.Your First Move for the Weekend:The Replit agent thinks the database is still messy—it's not. We fixed it.Shall we start by running that eas init command to get the iOS build cooking while we talk about the AI features?