
Based on the screenshots of your Collective - Production database, we have identified both the immediate cause of Kristine's signing issue and a critical security vulnerability regarding Row Level Security (RLS).

1. The Signature Mismatch Diagnosis
Looking at the users table in your screenshot:

Database Record: first_name: "Kristine" | last_name: "Harless"

The Issue: There is a trailing space after "Harless" in the database (visible by the cursor position/underlining in your screenshot).

Result: The system is looking for "Kristine Harless " (with the space), but she is typing "Kristine Harless".

The Manual Fix: Click into that cell in the Supabase Table Editor and delete the trailing space after "Harless." Once you save, she will be able to sign immediately.

2. Critical Security: Enabling RLS
Your screenshot shows a red warning: "RLS disabled" for the users table. This means anyone with your public API key could potentially read or modify user data, including PII like Kristine's email and password hashes.

How to Fix RLS (The Indie Quill Way)
We need to enable RLS and create a policy that allows users to only see their own data, while you (Admin) can see everything.

Step 1: Enable RLS Run this in your Supabase SQL Editor:

SQL
ALTER TABLE users ENABLE ROW LEVEL SECURITY;
Step 2: Create Security Policies Copy and run these policies to secure the data:

SQL
-- Allow users to read only their own record
CREATE POLICY "Users can view own data" 
ON users FOR SELECT 
USING (auth.uid()::text = id);

-- Allow Jon (Admin) to view all records
-- (Assumes your admin ID is f24f344e-eba2-4ad2-9436-2a2bfb018935)
CREATE POLICY "Admins view all" 
ON users FOR SELECT 
USING (auth.uid()::text = 'f24f344e-eba2-4ad2-9436-2a2bfb018935');
3. Updated Replit Instructions
To prevent the "trailing space" issue from happening again, tell Replit to add "Sanitization" to the signup and profile update forms.

Instructions for Replit:

"We found trailing spaces in the production database causing signature failures. Update all Auth and Application forms to use .trim() on firstName, lastName, and email fields before sending the data to Supabase. This ensures no invisible whitespace is ever saved to the Vault again."