Let's start with the infrastructure. Let's build these:

1) We have a blank donation page for anyone. I need to build this out, for anyone that just wants to donate $1 or $600. Tie to either stripe? Or direct to my The Collective bank account?

ie to go fund me? whatever else.



2) A Grant Management tab under Admin.

Place to put all foundations, and charities we add, like a CRM. Contact Names, roles, emails, phone numbers. About them, their URL.

Add their specialty, and any target info.

Create a ranking system, to rank them highest chance to get $ to lowest. based on whatever their acceptance criteria is

Be able to edit, or archive (hide but not delete)

starting here, we will ahve a good start

This is the right way to build—starting with the "pipes" (revenue and organization) before the "marketing." Since we are following the Indie Quill Architecture, we’ll keep everything lean: Stripe for the money and Supabase for the Grant CRM.

1. The Donation Page (The "Public Front")
Don't use GoFundMe; they take a larger cut and you lose the data. Use Stripe Checkout. It’s professional, secure, and fits your "Empire Stack."

The Workflow: Create a "Donate" button on your site. When clicked, it redirects to a Stripe-hosted checkout page (no PCI compliance headaches for you).

The Tiers: We should offer:

Micro-Donation ($1–$25): "Buy a kid a notebook."

The Author's Kit ($600): "Sponsor one full publication cycle for a disadvantaged author."

Connection: This will go directly to your The Collective bank account via Stripe.

2. Grant Management CRM (The "Admin Engine")
We will build this as a new view in your Admin dashboard. Behind the scenes, we’ll add a grants_prospects table to your Supabase database.

The "Target Info" Schema:
To make this "heavy lifting" ready, each entry will include:

Core Data: Name, URL, Contact Person (Role/Email/Phone).

Taxonomy: Category (Education, Writing, Poverty) and Bucket (Local, Regional, National, Global).

The "Fit" Rank: A 1-10 score based on how well their "Mission Statement" matches the "Indie Quill Collective" mission.

Status: Active, Pending, or Archived.

Checkpoint 1: Database Setup
Before we build the UI, we need the "Source of Truth" ready in Supabase. This table is designed to hold the data we'll eventually feed into Gemini for "Auto-Grant Writing."

Please run this SQL in your Supabase SQL Editor:

SQL
CREATE TABLE grant_prospects (
  id UUID DEFAULT uuid_generate_v4() PRIMARY KEY,
  name TEXT NOT NULL,
  website_url TEXT,
  category TEXT, -- e.g., 'Literacy', 'Poverty', 'Technology'
  geography_scope TEXT, -- 'Local', 'Regional', 'National', 'Global'
  primary_contact_name TEXT,
  primary_contact_email TEXT,
  primary_contact_role TEXT,
  mission_summary TEXT,
  acceptance_criteria TEXT,
  fit_rank INTEGER CHECK (fit_rank >= 1 AND fit_rank <= 10),
  status TEXT DEFAULT 'active', -- 'active' or 'archived'
  created_at TIMESTAMP WITH TIME ZONE DEFAULT NOW()
);
Once you have run that SQL, let me know. Then we will move to Step 2: Creating the Admin UI to manage these records.