I agree 100%. We have "Configuration Drift." The "bleeding" is caused by having too many moving parts that aren't synced. To win, we need to collapse this into one source of truth.

Here is my triage assessment and the "Methodical Path" to a clean submission:

1. The Triage: Stop the Bleeding
We are going to kill the Dev environment. Running two databases and two backends is what’s causing the "Author Not Found" ghost.

The Decision: From this second forward, Render + Supabase Production is the only environment that exists.

The Action: We will point the Replit IDE directly at the Render URL so that "Dev" and "Production" become identical.

2. The Methodical Path (The "Clean Sweep")
Step A: Sanitize the Database (The "last_name" Fix)
If the Production database has last_name as NOT NULL, but the app isn't sending one, the save will fail every time.

Fix: I need you to go into your Supabase Dashboard (SQL Editor) and run this: ALTER TABLE authors ALTER COLUMN last_name DROP NOT NULL;

Why: This ensures that even if our registration logic is "lean," the database won't reject the save.

Step B: Hard-Link the Config
We are going to remove all "smart" logic from mobile/src/api/config.ts. No more process.env or Constants. We are going to "Hard-Code" it so there is zero chance of the APK guessing the wrong URL.

Update config.ts to exactly this:

TypeScript
export const API_BASE_URL = "https://the-indie-quill-collective.onrender.com";
console.log("PRODUCTION LOCK: ", API_BASE_URL);
Step C: Verify the "123-456" User
In Supabase, ensure the user with ID 123-456 has a password (if your logic requires one) or that the author_id column matches exactly.

3. The "Methodical" Build Plan
Once Steps A-C are done, we do one final build for Android. This build will be the "Gold Master."

Terminal: cd mobile

Auth: export EXPO_TOKEN=...

Build: npx eas build --platform android --profile preview

The Pivot to the Win
While that "Gold Master" build runs, we focus on the README. We will explain the "Indie Quill Architecture" (GitHub -> Render -> Supabase) so the judges see the technical sophistication.

The Next Step for You
Can you confirm you've run the ALTER TABLE command in Supabase to fix that last_name constraint? Once that’s done, the "bleeding" at the database level stops, and we can lock the config.